feat(Logs): Added Vercel integration (#11600)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/forward-logs/vercel-integration.mdx

---
title: Vercel integration
tags:
  - Logs
  - Enable log management in New Relic
  - Enable log monitoring in New Relic
  - Vercel
metaDescription: 'Install and configure New Relic logging for Vercel, so you can use enhanced log management capabilities.'
---

import logsVercelIntegration from 'images/logs_screenshot-full_vercel-integration-page.png'

import logsVercelAccount from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-select-account.png'

import logsVercelProjects from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-select-projects.png'

import logsVercelAllowPermissions from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-allow-permissions.png'

import logsVercelSetLicenseKey from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-set-license-key.png'

import logsVercelGetTraceData from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-get-trace-data.png'

> Use New Relic to analize and storage the ingested logs from your Vercel projects and traces from your serverless functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use New Relic to analyze and store the ingested logs from your Vercel projects and traces from your serverless functions.
```

  />
</Collapser>
</CollapserGroup>

## Install the Vercel quickstart dashboard [#vercel-quickstart]

After you've sent Vercel data to New Relic, the Vercel quickstart is the fastest way to jump straight into monitoring your end-to-end development logs.

Install the quickstart to get a pre-built dashboard and alert to monitor the performance of your functions. You'll also get a pre-built alert that triggers when the error rate (4xx/5xx errors) exceeds 1%. Follow these instructions:

1. Go to the [Vercel quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/vercel) in New Relic Instant Observability and click **Install now**.
2. Select an account and click **Begin installation**.
3. If you've already completed the [Vercel configuration steps](#configuration), select **Done** to move onto the next step.
4. The quickstart deploys the resources to your account. Click **See your data** to get to the dashboard.

The Vercel quickstart dashboard visualizes all your key data into three pages. Click the **Overview**, **Build Logs**, and **Serverless Function** tabs to get an overview, analyze build logs, and dive deep into your Serverless Function performance.

> **Add here the dashboard screenshot**

Reviewer: ???

Author: Yes, it is. I'm waiting for an environment and take it.

## Optional: Get trace data from Vercel with OpenTelemetry [#vercel-opentelemetry]

You can use [OpenTelemetry](/docs/more-integrations/open-source-telemetry-integrations/opentelemetry/opentelemetry-introduction/) to import trace data from your applications running in Vercel functions. To set this option, follow these steps:

> 1. After clicking **Add integration** in the [step 5](#step5) in the [Vercel configuration](#configuration), you'll see the configuration details dialog box.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After clicking **Add integration** in [step 5](#step5) in the [Vercel configuration](#configuration), you'll see the configuration details dialog box.
```

Author: Done it. Thanks!

metaDescription: 'Install and configure New Relic logging for Vercel, so you can use enhanced log management capabilities.'
---

import logsVercelDashboard from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-dashboard.png'

import logsVercelIntegration from 'images/logs_screenshot-full_vercel-integration-page.png'

import logsVercelAccount from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-select-account.png'

import logsVercelProjects from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-select-projects.png'

import logsVercelAllowPermissions from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-allow-permissions.png'

import logsVercelSetLicenseKey from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-set-license-key.png'

import logsVercelGetTraceData from 'images/logs_screenshot-crop_vercel-get-trace-data.png'

Use New Relic to analize and store the ingested logs from your Vercel projects and traces from your serverless functions.

You can install the [Vercel quickstart](https://newrelic.com/instant-observability/vercel) to get a pre-built dashboard and alert to monitor the performance of your functions.

<img
    width="80%;"
    title="Vercel dashboard"
    alt="Vercel dashboard"
    src={logsVercelDashboard}
  />

<figcaption>

>   Go to **[one.newrelic.com](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > Dashboards > Vercel** to see your Vercel dashboard.

Author: Good catch!
